[cackles]
My darkness will swallow the
world, just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
When Luffy hears about
a fighting tournament
at the Corrida Colosseum
with the Flame Flame Fruit
as the prize,
he decides to join and compete
against titanic contenders
from all over the New World.
[SANJI]
Premiere Hachis Hash!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Pentachromatic Strings!
[SANJI grunts]
Overheat!
[LAW]
Room!
Law... Dammit!
[LAW]
Listen up.
Here's the plan.
I want you to head to Zou,
and take him.
[CHOPPER] There's a Navy
battleship flying right over us!
[BROOK] Doflamingo's closing in
from the other side!
[CHOPPER screams]
[NAMI]
Are those meteors?!
[LAW]
Room!
Hold up, Law.
I realize it's important
to get Caesar
as far away from
here as possible,
and it's pretty obvious
we have to leave now.
But the operation in Dressrosa
was just supposed
to be a waypoint.
I thought our shared goal
was taking down
Kaido of the Four Emperors.
I wonder...
Why are you getting so
hung up on Doflamingo?
[LAW grunts]
Coup De Burst! Fire!
[LAW] At any rate, my pirate
alliance with the Straw Hat crew
is coming to its
natural conclusion.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Huh?
Do I have to
spell it out for ya?
From the moment we teamed up,
my only goal was shutting
down the SMILE factory.
I was using them.
While killing you today
would bring me pleasure,
it doesn't matter.
Since Kaido will do it
sooner or later.
After you end up
losing the SMILEs.
How noble of you.
Sacrificing your
life to stop me.
[LAW]
While I'd love to see what chaos
the world falls into
once you're dead...
First and foremost,
I want to make you pay
for what you did 13 years ago...
Joker!
Make me pay?
For what happened
to you 13 years ago?
[LAW]
Yeah, you heard me.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Come on, Law.
Holding Giolla hostage won't
get you anywhere with me.
He's got a point!
I'll gladly give my life for
the sake of the Young Master--
[gasps]
[LAW]
Then I'd advise you to run away.
You fool, do you honestly
believe I'd be so
artless as to abando--
[DOFLAMINGO]
I don't need you.
[gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Go. Run as far as you can.
[GIOLLA whimpers]
Yes, sir!
Things got messy back
on Straw Hat's ship.
I admit, my plan isn't going
quite as smoothly as I'd hoped.
You're right.
That's not all, you lost
your leverage altogether.
[LAW] Whether you beat me
or not, with Caesar gone,
you no longer have a hold
on the SMILE factory.
Oh?
[LAW]
Face it, you screwed up.
It's all over.
My, you are still mad.
Grudges aren't healthy.
I'd let it go.
This isn't just a grudge.
I've lived my whole life
to achieve this goal.
I'll see his dream
through to the end!
[chuckles]
[LAW grunts]
[LAW yells]
[DOFLAMINGO yelling]
That was close.
Doflamingo almost caught up
to the Sunny back there.
I sure hope Traffy's okay.
Pay attention, you guys!
See anything out there?
Brook reporting here!
At a 45-degree angle.
Everything looks just lovely!
You have to watch all
the angles, you bonehead!
Sure thing, Nami.
Three-hundred
and sixty-degrees it is!
[BROOK laughing]
[sighs]
[NAMI]
The sky's gotten pretty cloudy.
I can't relax
knowing that creep
could swoop down on his
strings at any second.
Listen, Brook!
Keep an eye out for anything
weird up in the sky.
Oh, I'm more than happy to
keep both eyes out for you.
Why, they've been out for years!
[laughing]
If he comes near us again,
then I'll use my weapon to
blow away all the clouds!
He won't be able to follow us.
[BROOK] That's our genius
navigator for you! Ouch.
[NAMI] But still,
should we really go ahead
to Zou like Law told us?
I mean, in the moment, we needed
to get away from Doflamingo
and the Navy, but this
is kind of a big move.
[SANJI] You better
protect my sweet Robin,
even if it costs you
your lives, you got that?
Click.
[CHOPPER]
What's up?
I was making sure
that Robin's still safe.
She's with Franky
and Usopp right now.
Okay, so if Zoro and Kin'emon
meet up with Luffy,
we should be fine!
Well, Mosshead's probably
too bad with directions
to find his way to
the Colosseum alone.
But Kin'emon's with him,
so they'll make it.
I'm awful worried
about Traffy, though.
Eh, he's a big boy.
Seems he's planning to
let Kaido kill Doflamingo
instead of offing
the guy himself.
So he just has to focus
on escaping now.
[CHOPPER]
Yeah...
Yeah.
[MOMONOSUKE whimpering]
[SANJI] Hey, why'd you
turn back into a dragon?
I... I just can't stop thinking
about what happened.
[SANJI]
Hm?
[MOMONOSUKE]
That flying man.
[SANJI]
Doflamingo?
[MOMONOSUKE]
Yes.
I remember seeing him the last
time I came to Dressrosa.
[SANJI]
Really?
[DONQUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Master, you're gonna kill him!
[DOFLAMINGO] What the hell's
the matter with you?
[muffled groaning]
You're supposed to be
a gladiator, right?
Then act like it!
[gasping]
A gladiator should
fight for his life,
not run around like a chicken
with its head cut off!
So... If you can't bring
yourself to kill anyone,
the least you can do is let
somebody cut you to pieces!
Don't act like you don't know.
All humans are the same.
Everyone gets riled up
over a little bloodshed
and that's why they're here!
[MOMONOSUKE whimpers]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Sorry.
That's just entertainment!
Now, entertain!
[COMPETITOR I groaning]
[gasps]
[whimpers]
[KIN'EMON]
Shh...
Piece of garbage.
Better not see anyone
else cutting corners.
[DONQUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Y-Yes sir!
[KANJURO]
Kin'emon! There you are!
Ah. It's Kanjuro!
[KANJURO]
I found a harbor.
We have to steal
a ship and escape,
this land is too dangerous.
[KIN'EMON grunts]
[panting]
I just realized
that foul monster
is holding Kanjuro
captive as we speak.
And now I simply
cannot stop worrying.
Please be safe, Kanjuro!
[MOMONOSUKE sighs]
[gasps, screams]
Why do you look so happy?!
Don't worry, being taken
hostage is no big deal.
Whatever they wanted out of him,
I'm sure they won't torture
him too bad. He'll be okay.
[MOMONOSUKE] You're obviously
thinking about something else!
At least pretend to care!
That reminds me, Violet said
she'd be okay, too. Yeah.
I'll be fine.
I talked to my friend,
and I'm certain the
Government will protect me.
[SANJI]
Really?
[VIOLET] Yes. They're probably
waiting for me at the harbor.
Just trust me.
All right. I'd feel
better if I could
go along with you,
but as long as you're safe.
[SANJI gasping]
You've done enough.
I can do this
thanks to all your help.
How can I ever
show my gratitude?
Well, we could start
with a little kiss on
the cheek, and then maybe--
[SANJI groaning]
[gasps] Oh, no!
It would seem your ship is
under attack by Fighting Fish!
Uh-oh. What are those?
No time, just go!
[SANJI]
Nami!
[CROWD cheers]
[VIOLET gasps]
Damn it! She's still alive!
How'd she get this far?
Why don't you drop dead,
Rebecca?
Mr. Horse?
[TOY HORSE]
Yes?
Take me to the palace, quickly.
[TOY HORSE]
You got it!
[CROWD cheering]
V-V-V-Vice Captain!
Huh? Vice Captain?
You're not talkin'
to me, are you?
Yeah, you're Mister Zoro,
aren't you?
Mister Luffy's right-hand man.
I'd know you anywhere.
Uh, you would?
So it appears your disguise
has failed you.
[ZORO clears throat]
Whoever this Zoro guy is,
uh, I'm not him!
You don't have to put up
a front with me!
Don't worry, I know everything
that's been goin'
on with youse guys.
Mister Luffy fightin'
in the tournament.
All that stuff.
[ZORO]
What?!
[gasps]
[BARTOLOMEO] I-I-I can't
believe I'm talkin' to
the great Mister Zoro
like it's nothin' at all!
This... This is the
best day of my life!
[wails]
[KIN'EMON]
What's got you so upset?
[ZORO]
Whatever, weirdo.
Tell me why you know so
much about me and Luffy!
[BARTOLOMEO sniffles]
[BARTOLOMEO] I've been your
biggest fan for years!
Ugh, so pathetic.
He can't even answer!
[BARTOLOMEO]
G-Get it together, Barto,
you finally get
to meet your hero!
C... Could I...?
[ZORO]
Huh?
Suck it up!
Ah! Right!
[gasps]
[BARTOLOMEO]
He yelled at me! I'm so honored!
Could I have your autograph?!
[BARTOLOMEO]
I said it!
[ZORO]
What?
If I bring Mister Luffy to ya,
then will you give
me your autograph?
[ZORO]
It'd be a big help if you did!
[screaming]
[BARTOLOMEO] He just said
I would be a big help!
I don't believe it!
Me, a big help to Mister Zoro!
[BARTOLOMEO gasping]
[KIN'EMON]
What is this guy's problem?
[ZORO]
Well, come on, hop to it!
O... O... O...
[ZORO
"O-O-O," what?!
On my way!
Wait right there!
I'll bring Mister Luffy
back here if it kills me!
[BARTOLOMEO grunts]
[ZORO]
It's not that serious.
[BARTOLOMEO panting]
I can't screw this up!
Mister Zoro said I would be
a big help if I did this!
He's really depending on me
to save the day, isn't he?
It's almost like...
I just became
the right-hand man
of Mister Luffy's
right-hand man!
This is great!
No, greater than great!
You can count on me!
I won't let you down, I promise!
[CROWD cheering]
[GYATS] The battle royale
still rages on!
And Block D is a fierce bunch!
All the combatants are
bringing their A-game!
It's hard to guess
who'll be eliminated next!
Hey, that big fella is
making quite an impression!
He's a military captain
from the Southern kingdom
of Scorchistan! Rolling Logan!
[LOGAN chuckles]
[COMPETITOR A gasping]
Let's see. I'll give this a try!
[COMPETITOR A whimpers]
Okay, then.
Let's get things rollin'!
[COMPETITOR A screaming]
There you have it, folks!
This is Rolling Logan's
signature technique!
He calls it the Rolling Cradle!
[LOGAN laughing]
[COMPETITORS gasp]
[COMPETITORS groaning]
[GYATS] He rolls his opponent
around the ring so fast,
it destroys their equilibrium!
And for the big finale...
[COMPETITOR A groaning]
[GYATS]
The Leg Split!
[CROWD cheering]
[LOGAN laughing]
That one was a big hit
with the crowd, I see!
Oh, wait! What do we
have right here?
[yelling]
[COMPETITOR D screams]
[GYATS]
The spectacle of Rolling Logan
distracted us from this
quiet confrontation!
[CROWD booing]
They say ill weeds grow in
every garden, and this is ours!
It's the cursed
princess Rebecca!
I've never heard booing
this loud before!
[panting]
[booing continues]
[COMPETITOR E chuckles]
--[TOY SOLDIER grunting]
--[wood swords clanking]
A human's power is limitless.
You must dig deeper!
Draw out all of your strength!
[REBECCA cries]
Get up. On your feet.
I don't want to!
Please, Soldier, I don't
want to hurt anybody!
[TOY SOLDIER] You must grow
stronger to survive, child.
I know it's hard, but you must!
[REBECCA, TOY SOLDIER grunting]
[CROWD booing]
[REBECCA]
Soldier...
[COMPETITOR E yelling]
[GYATS]
Ahh!
[COMPETITOR E groans]
You little--!
[COMPETITOR E yelps]
She just won't quit!
That's her favorite move!
It's come to be known as
the Back-to-the-Water Dance!
[panting]
[TOY SOLDIER] You must grow
stronger to survive, child.
[GYATS] Taking advantage
of her enemies' momentum,
she lures them to
the edge of the ring
and stands with her
back to the water.
Finally, she dodges
her opponents' advances
with lightning speed,
causing them to barrel
right into the moat!
[gasps]
[COMPETITOR F grunts]
[COMPETITOR F gasping]
[COMPETITOR F groans]
[GYATS]
That's it!
The famous
Back-to-the-Water Dance!
Yes! Because of that technique,
despite fighting in
countless battles,
Rebecca has never
once wounded anybody!
[LUFFY] She uses
Observation Haki? Sweet!
[INMATE A]
Haki?
[GYATS] Rebecca's also never
been wounded during a match!
So far, she's won every fight
just by letting her foes
fall off the side!
[cheers]
What a trooper!
Good job, Rebecca!
A remarkable fighting style!
Even if she's hardly
"fighting" at all!
I must grudgingly admit,
there's something
beautiful about it!
Oh?
[COMPETITORS groaning]
[GYATS] Still, it may find its
match in this competition!
The other warriors have
their own unique ways
of eliminating their opponents!
They are world-class gladiators!
[LOGAN]
Huh?
[LOGAN laughs]
Lucky me!
Now I get to pulverize you.
Let's get this going,
Little Weed.
[laughing]
[NARRATOR] As Rebecca
desperately brandishes her sword
to secure the
Flame Flame Fruit,
she is forced into a
confrontation against
the cruel military commander,
Rolling Logan.
Thus begins the showdown between
her beautiful battle dance
and Logan's powerful
pulverizing technique!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Most Violent Fighter!
Logan vs. Rebecca!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!